[oneDPL] Clarify the version of the C++ standard for the oneDPL spec (#500)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDPL/source/parallel_api.rst

Parallel API
------------

oneDPL provides the set of parallel algorithms as defined by the `C++ Standard`_,

> including parallel algorithms added in the 6th edition known as C++20.

Reviewer: Do we want to say
```suggestion
including parallel algorithms added in the International Standard ISO/IEC 14882:2020 known as C++20.
```
?

Author: According to https://www.iso.org/standard/79358.html, C++20 is the 6th edition of the standard. Since a reference to the standard is already given in this sentence, I think it's quite clear what "the 6th edition" refers to.

I can do this change here, but then the other mentioning of the 6th edition below will look less clear.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

oneDPL has the set of execution policies and related utilities that are semantically aligned

> with the `C++ Standard`_, 6th edition (C++20):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the `C++ Standard`_ and 6th edition (C++20):
```
?
